NW19 flesh update (#504)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/posts/newsletter-019/index.md

## Game Updates

### Flesh

![flesh preview](flesh.gif)
_Title screen + gameplay_

Flesh by [@im_oab] is a 2D-horizontal shmup game with hand-drawn animation and

> organic/fleshy theme. It implement using [tetra]. This month update include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organic/fleshy theme. It is implemented using [tetra]. This month update include:
```
